Feature/RT99-SCRWebService (#43)
nhsconnect/integration-adaptors: pipeline/README.md

established using the Fabric script in `scripts`. The open test certs and party key files should be copied
to the EC2 instance in a `home/ec2-user/certs` directory (this directory is a shared volume with the running 
mhs docker container as specified in the docker container). 

> There must also be log groups in cloud watch under the following names:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There must also be log groups in cloudwatch under the following names:
```

And do these need to be created manually, I don't recall doing that (unless it was the AWS wizard doing that for me).

> - `/ecs/jenkins/master`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/ecs/jenkins-master`
```
